Prom alert man (#1778)
CrunchyData/postgres-operator: docs/content/installation/metrics/metrics-configuration.md

| Name | Default | Required | Description |
|------|---------|----------|-------------|
| `alertmanager_log_level` | info |  | Set the log level for Alertmanager logging. |

> | `alertmanager_service_type` | ClusterIP | **Required** | The service type to user for the Alertmanager service. |

Reviewer: `user` appears to be a typo.

I can't think of a succinct way to explain "service type" so my inclination is to use Kubernetes language and link to their docs. You can take it or leave it!

```suggestion
| `alertmanager_service_type` | ClusterIP | **Required** | How to [expose][k8s-service-type] the Alertmanager service. |
```

```markdown
[k8s-service-type]: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/service/#publishing-services-service-types
```

| `alertmanager_storage_access_mode` | ReadWriteOnce | **Required** | Set to the access mode used by the configured storage class for Alertmanager persistent volumes. |
| `alertmanager_storage_class_name` | fast |  | Set to the name of the storage class used when creating Alertmanager persistent volumes.  Omit if not using storage classes. |
| `alertmanager_supplemental_groups` | 65534 |  | Set to configure any supplemental groups that should be added to security contexts for Alertrmanager. |

> | `alertmanager_volume_size` | 1Gi | **Required** | Set to the size of persistent volume to create for Grafana. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `alertmanager_volume_size` | 1Gi | **Required** | Set to the size of persistent volume to create for Alertmanager. |
```

|------|---------|----------|-------------|
| `alertmanager_custom_config` | alertmanager-config |  | The name of a ConfigMap containing a custom `alertmanager.yml` configuration file. |
| `alertmanager_custom_rules_config` | alertmanager-rules-config |  | The name of a ConfigMap container custom alerting rules for Prometheus. |
| `grafana_datasources_custom_config` | grafana-datasources |  | The name of a ConfigMap containing custom Grafana datasources. |
| `grafana_dashboards_custom_config` | grafana-dashboards |   | The name of a ConfigMap containing custom Grafana dashboards. |
| `prometheus_custom_configmap` | crunchy-prometheus |  | The name of a ConfigMap containing a custom `prometheus.yml` configuration file. |

_Please note that when using custom ConfigMaps per the above configuration settings, any defaults
for the specific configuration being customized are no longer applied._

## Using Alertmanager

The Alertmanager deployment requires a custom configuration file to configure reciever
integrations that are supported by Prometheus Alertmanager. The installer will create
a configmap containing an example Alertmanager configuration file created by

> the pgMonitor project, this file can be found in the [pgMonitor repo](https://github.com/CrunchyData/pgmonitor/blob/master/prometheus/crunchy-alertmanager.yml).

Reviewer: Should we say `repository` instead of `repo`? (I can't tell from a quick search of the docs; there's a lot of `backrest-repo`.)
